[Autogenerated] when you click the publish button,
you'll see in the status window that it's not just compiling the application,
but also sipping up all of the deal else that the applications depended
on and all of this ghost two That s three bucket all fast for the
upload part just because of my slow Internet.
When everything's been uploaded,
Cloud Formation will read the instructions from the
template file and start acting on those.
The toolkit opens a cloud formacion window so you can watch the status.
That cloud formation is relaying well, that's working away.
Let's look at some of the artifacts of the deployment.
First,
I want to point out that the tool kit updated its Jason file with the
names I provided for the stack and s three bucket.
If I run the publish again,
whether I do it from the AWS tool kit or even from the command line,
it will have this information now as well.
If we go over to the tool kids a ws explorer,
we can already see some of the resource is that are being created.
There's the cloud formation stack under AWS cloud formation.
This is what we're watching in the window already.
If I refresh the s three note, there's the new Net Corey P.
I.
Stack Bucket and opening that.
You can see a list of the files in this bucket.
The ZIP file that has the code in the deal.
Els and the Serverless template pile Okay, the functions almost ready.
So let's watch the last status messages popping in.
And now it's done and gives us the Earl of the Serverless application,
even though I know we're not finished setting things up,
I do want to browse to the function anyway for some insight into what's
left to dio first to the weather forecast controller,
and you can see that that's working.
That means that overall,
the a p I is working and the code got past that startup code that is
dependent on having access to the database credentials.
So we know that the function did go and read from the
parameter store now to the author's controller,
and this doesn't work.
It'll eventually time out, and it's what I expected,
and it's what we're going to fix. In the second part of the deployment process,